
22/02:
    Team Formation, discuss the project outline and team reach consensus to do project one house bulter application
 
26/02:
    Group meetin disuss the implementation of the projects involves:
    1. How to train Diagflow
    2. What Function need to implement for this applicaiton
    3. How Mongo DB for the back end
    4. Diaflow embedded web dialog box for the front end
    5. Quick and dirty implementation of pizza ordering or flight booking

28/02:
    Create simple travel management chat book able to book flight

04/03:
    Study the backend API of webhood for fullfillment, and did a simple implememntation
    of weather enquiries.

05/03:
    Group meeting and discussing the backend API to the diagflow so that backend could talk 
    directly to the client and enquire diagflow directly through diagflow API on behalf of client
    and then process the result and return to the client.
    Discuss project proposal structure as well as work division.
 
       
06/03:
    study epic two the context of the dialogflow to make converstation more smooth
    using follow up intention.
 
07/03:
    report writing, research on the back end API to the dilogflow

08/03:
    Demo the current process during the tutorial , and find out the backend api taling to the daigflow thorugh
    google cloud server , done the configuration for the authentication.

14/03:
    Figure out how backend talk to the front end using tcp socket ,so that backend could talk to the front end diretly and         send client enquiries to the dialogflow api and get fullfillment.
    
17/03/:
    find out the how the backend could communicat with the fornt end through http request 

21/03:
    connected with the musica api and the configured chat bot with music weather and flight booking functions

25/03:
    established protocol of the communication with the front end and backend
    
30/03:
    Discussed the machine learning module to incoorporate into the chatbot
  
04/04:
    initial development of the facial recogniton system using open face CNN
 
07/04:
    improved the accuracy by adding a svm on top of the CNN encoding output
   
11/04:
    further imporve the face recognition accuracy by introducint face detection and cropping,and Affine transform to align the face 
    
12/04:
    Discuss the intergration of the face recognition module into the chat bot and user context information retrival
    
13/04:
    Search the context laod and clear api to perserve the state of the client context

15/04:
    Search and build the api that interact with the smart light , could turn it on and off at command

16/04:
    make the face verification as a flask server that take request from the front end
 
18/04:
    discuss the comminication protocal with the front end so that it can verify the user and 
    perserver the client context at the backend 
  
    
